yo Eliot so our buddy pronita has been
working out but he doesn't get sore
described his work out here apparently
he's a pretty strong guy 17 years old
and he he presses 205 overhead four sets
of three looks like all your reps are
like within the three to five Oh some 10
rep range and he does he works out every
day he does 78 lifts he's been doing
this for a while he does afford a split
he's wondering why am I not sore I'm
upset that I'm not sore now I don't know
your question is not do I need to be
sore it's how do I get sore so okay I'm
gonna give you some ideas about how to
get sore right you don't necessarily
need to it looks like you're getting
stronger according to your numbers but
if you wanna get sore it's very easy to
do
aha in fact I'll give you the exact
workout that made me the sorest I ever
was in my entire freakin life go to just
google this you want to be sore bro you
wanna like can't really walk the next
day and like the shit hurts when you
touch it and you're just like
incapacitated walking like this google
CrossFit workout Murph I believe that
that's what it's called mu our pH you
know what I'm even going to google it
myself right now to make sure that it is
Murph and I'm going to describe it to
you I should've did this earlier I'm
using my new google chrome app on my
iPhone so let's see so CrossFit Murph
poor guy I did this at two different
gyms I got friends in the city that that
own CrossFit gyms and I go what I do
work outside their gym and uh at their
gyms and every time I do this goddamn
workout I am ready to die
oops
man getting text messages and shit right
yeah hey I'll bear with me guys guys
have been patient enough with me up
until this point so let's see oh here it
is okay here's what you're going to do
you can google it so you can see it
yourself we just take out a patent pen
made me the source I've ever been you
know I've done bodybuilding workouts
with drop sets and shit like this but
check it out here's the workout you're
gonna run one mile ooh big deal right
cool
hang with me you're gonna do 100
pull-ups fuck does 100 pull-ups 200
push-ups 300 squats and then you're
gonna run a mile again I've never run
the second mile because I've been to
hurt after doing 100 200 300 pull-ups
push-ups and squats this is a real
workout folks I'm not making this shit
up I mean go and look it up this is what
CrossFitters do they're crazy and I'm
crazy enough to have tried it and always
mad at myself
done it twice always hate myself for two
weeks because it takes about two weeks
before I start feeling like normal again
so that's it my man prior sneek niche
meat go get soar doing CrossFit workouts
particularly Murph good luck yo Eliot
[Music]